# OIBSIP
This was my first experience, working as a Web Developer. All thanks to Oasis Infobytes for giving me this opportunity to work with them as a Web Development intern for this month of May. In this internship I was offered with three levels which having four tasks respectively. I choose to work on level 2 in which I have to complete the following tasks:
Task-1/Calculator
It takes a little skill to create a calculator with basics mathematical functionalities using HTML,CSS,and Javascript. Calculators require an interactive interface to perform basic functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. It will need a display screen to display the user's input and give the result. The grid system in CSS is for the alignments of buttons on the calculator. The additional tools you need to build a fully functional calculator include eventListners, if-else statements, operators, loops, and so on.
Task-2/Tribute Page
With a basic understanding of HTML and CSS, you can easily create a page for someone you admire. Write about what you adore in the person, add images, give an appealing layout, use paragraphs appropriately. You can also play around with different font styles and background colors.
Task-3/To Do WebApp
Develop a basic to-do app that enables a user to add daily tasks. The to-do web app must allow users to add new items to a list, and items added to a list must be visible. Also, a user can mark a task "complete" upon its successfull completion, and thesecompleted tasks must appear on a seperate list, say Completed Tasks. You can also add a seperate section titled Pending Tasks that will list all the tasks that require completion. In such a case, the to-do list will be a union of the Pending Tasks list and the Completed Tasks list. Irrespective of the list, a user must be able to delete or edit tasks from it. To further increase the web app's complexity or make it more detailed, you can add the date and time when a task is added and/or completed.
Task-4/Login Authentication
Create a simple login authentication system using a programming language of your choice (e.g., Python, Javascript, Java, etc.) that allow users to register, login, and access a secured page.
